Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Hackforce1 is located at:
University of Applied Sciences Rotterdam, Wijnhaven 99

Hackforce1

It is Hackforce1's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to 145.24.222.166 (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "145.24.222.166"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Hackforce1 collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Hackforce1's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Hackforce1's visitors use its website. From time to time, Hackforce1 may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Hackforce1 also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://145.24.222.166 blog posts. Hackforce1 only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to Hackforce1's websites choose to interact with Hackforce1 in ways that require Hackforce1 to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Hackforce1 gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://145.24.222.166 to provide a username and email address.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

Hackforce1 discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Hackforce1's behalf or to provide services available at Hackforce1's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Hackforce1's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Hackforce1 will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Hackforce1 discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Hackforce1 believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Hackforce1, third parties or the public at large.

If you are a registered user of http://145.24.222.166 and have supplied your email address, Hackforce1 may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Hackforce1 and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Hackforce1 takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Aggregated Statistics

Hackforce1 may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Hackforce1 may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Hackforce1 does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.

Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Hackforce1 may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Hackforce1's sole discretion. Hackforce1 encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
